https://www.rsgbcc.org/hf/information/Adjudication-Principles.shtml

These are the ADJUDICATION TEST OF EACH QSO LOG ENTRY and ACTION from the 
Royal Radio Society of Great Britain

3(a) If all these conditions are met:
(i) Received Call matches another entrant;
(ii) Received Call there = this Sent Call;
(iii) Band/Mode are correct;
(iv) Time is correct +/- 15 mins;
(v) Exchange Received matches Exchange Sent in other log (but Serial no. can be +/- 1).	QSO is good in this log.
For OB1s (Received Exchange when serial is "Out by One" from that shown as Sent Exchange in other entrant's log), keep a tally for each entrant for TX and flag if > 5 occurrences in contest.
For report TX errors, keep a tally for each entrant for TX and flag if > 5 occurrences in contest.

3(b) If the Received Call matches another entrant
and all these conditions are met:
(i) Received Call there is similar to this Sent Call
(no more than two characters incorrect or missing);
(ii) Band/Mode correct;
(iii) Time correct +/- 15 mins;
(iv) Exchange Received matches Exchange Sent in other log (but Serial no. can be +/- 1).	QSO is good in this log.
For OB1s (Received Exchange when serial is "Out by One" from that shown as Sent Exchange in other entrant's log), keep a tally for each entrant for TX and flag if > 5 occurrences in contest.
For report TX errors, keep a tally for each entrant for TX and flag if > 5 occurrences in contest.

3(c) If the Sent Call appears in another log without a matching Received Call in this log, and the QSO can be identified in this log, and this QSO has not already been declared good.	QSO is bad in this log -- busted call identified.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO plus the loss of an additional penalty as defined in the contest rules.

3(d) If the Received Call matches that of another entrant and no matching QSO can be identified in the other log.	QSO is bad in this log -- not in log.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO only.

3(e) If a matching QSO can be identified in another log but the Received Exchange is incorrect (but Serial no. can be +/- 1).	QSO is bad in this log -- incorrect exchange.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO plus the loss of an additional penalty as defined in the contest rules.

3(f) If a matching QSO can be identified in another log but either Time, Band or Mode do not match.	QSO is bad in this log -- incorrect logging.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO only.

3(g) If the Received Call appears in other entrants' logs and is consistent with fabricated serial numbers, or is 001 or 000.	QSO is good in this log.

3(h) If the Received Call does not appear in other entrants' logs and serial number is 001 or 000.	QSO is good in this log -- unique.
Further analysis will be carried out if the proportion of uniques in this log exceeds the average of the proportion of uniques in all logs for this contest by a configurable factor.

3(i) If the Received Call does not appear in other entrants' logs, has serial number > 1 (or other exchange) and callsign appears in 2nd party verification.	QSO is good in this log -- unique.
Further analysis will be carried out if the proportion of uniques in this log exceeds the average of the proportion of uniques in all logs for this contest by a configurable factor.

3(j) If the Received Call does not appear in other entrants' logs, has serial number > 1 (or other exchange) and callsign does not appear in 2nd party verification.	QSO is bad in this log -- busted call unique.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO only.

3(k) If the QSO has not met any of the tests above.	QSO is bad in this log -- no matching QSO found.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO only.

3(l) If the QSO is good or bad in this log and is with the same station on the same band and mode as a previous good QSO.	This and subsequent QSOs with the same station on the same band and mode are marked as duplicate.
Penalty applied -- loss of this QSO only.

3(m) If the QSO is good and is with the same station on the same band and mode as a previous bad QSO.	QSO is good in this log.
Any additional penalty (defined in the contest rules) applied to the previous bad QSO, is removed.

       NOTES	(a) Where penalties are applied in addition to the loss of a bad QSO, this will be indicated in the contest rules.
(b) Loss of a QSO will include the loss of any new multiplier associated with the QSO.